[gardenlet] Switch `Shoot` migration controller to `controller-runtime` (#7062)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/gardenlet.md

Also, this internal health status is set to `false` automatically after some time in case the controller gets stuck for whatever reason.
This internal health status is available via the `gardenlet`'s `/healthz` endpoint and is used for the `livenessProbe` in the `gardenlet` pod.

### [`Shoot` Controller](../../pkg/gardenlet/controller/shoot)

The `Shoot` controller in the `gardenlet` reconciles `Shoot` objects with the help of the following reconcilers.

#### "Migration" Reconciler

This reconciler is only active if the [`ForceRestore`](../deployment/feature_gates.md#list-of-feature-gates) feature gate is enabled in the `gardenlet` and if the `Seed` has owner checks enabled (i.e., `spec.setttings.ownerChecks.enabled=true`).
It checks if the source `Seed` also has owner checks enabled.

> If not or if the `BackupEntry` is being deleted, it sets the `status.migrationStartTime` to `nil`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It checks if the source `Seed` also has owner checks enabled. If not or if the `Shoot` is being deleted, it sets the `status.migrationStartTime` to `nil`.
```
